feat: adds dpopOtions.allowBearerTokens configuration (#1584)
okta/okta-auth-js: README.md

  // other configurations
  pkce: true,     // required
  dpop: true,
  dpopOptions: {

>     // skips validition the resulting token response includes `token_type: DPoP`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    // skips validation to check that the resulting token response includes `token_type: DPoP`
```

Reviewer: Can we clarify here if `false` means we skip validation or if `true` does? Right now it reads like `false` skips validation since the example config on the next line is set to `false`
